[solemn Italian music]
[chomping sloppily] Mutants...
[belches]
[slurping]
[slurping continues]
[chomps]
♪♪
Is Shredder's heart
really in that thing?
Where would you even
get something like that?
Don't ask questions
you don't want answers to, Vic.
Yeesh.
How can he eat
with it just sitting there
next to the fettuccine?
Hey, yo, Boss.
You want me to take that gross
thing off the table for you?
We got some nice lamb chops.
♪♪
You ignorant goombahs.
Some cultures believe that
you gain the power of your enemy
by consuming the heart.
It's where the soul resides.
You got me?
[laughs]
First, I took this good luck
charm from the Shredder.
Next, I take his turf.
With that freak gone,
the entire city belongs
to Don Vizioso.
[laughs]
Hmm.
Hey, bring me another calzone!
Step on it.
Chop chop, move.
[belches]
Mm.
Any mutant, freak, or weirdo
who gets in my way
gets eliminated.
Especially mutant turtles.
[laughs]
[chomping, slurping]
[heavy guitar chords]
[glass shatters]
♪♪
Ahh!
[driving percussive music]
♪♪
[jazzy theme music]
[low growl]
♪♪
Now we're talking.
Yeah!
I've got an idea!
[groans] Aw, sewer apples!
Booyakasha!
♪♪
*TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES*
Season 5 Episode 03
[ominous music]
[snarling]
"Heart of Evil"
♪♪
The time is nigh,
my fateful Foot,
for the resurrection of
Master Shredder is tonight!
Soon we will be graced
by his presence once more.
Long live the Foot!
[all chanting]
[suspenseful music]
[chanting continues]
- [straining]
- Dude!
We are in total
cyber-ninja stealth-mode, yo.
Booyakash...
Shh!
[groans]
We won't be for long
if you don't zip it.
[chanting continues]
Team Braniac, this is
Team Awesome standing by.
- [grunting]
- Over.
♪♪
We're in pursuit of
Rocksteady's van as we speak.
♪♪
Has Tiger Claw mentioned
what they're looking for?
Negatory, Team Braniac.
Team Kickbuttbabes,
anything to report?
Team Kickbuttbabes?
In pursuit of Bebop now.
[grunts]
We're losing him!
Keep your jumpsuit on, O'Neil.
I've got this.
♪♪
Faithful followers,
for Kavaxas to resurrect
the great Shredder,
we must obtain one final item:
the Shredder's heart!
Weird.
I didn't think Shredder
even had a heart.
Shh!
I have already sent Zeck
and Steranko to find the heart.
If they fail me,
I will have both of their souls.
You mean, if they fail me,
Kavaxas.
♪♪
Okay, team, now we know
what they're looking for.
It's, um, gross and weird,
but we have to stop them.
[horn honks]
[tires squealing]
Yo, Rocksteady,
I got two chicks on a bike
hot on my piggy tail.
You go for the heart.
I gotta take care of
some business.
Whoo-hoo!
Yeah!
Whoa!
[both scream]
♪♪
[gasps]
Nice save, April.
Bacon breath is
gonna pay for that.
Comrade Claw,
it is the Rocksteady.
I speak with underworld contacts
and find Shredder's heart.
Is with that filth,
the chubby monkey, Don Vizioso.
Zeck, get over there
and make sure you succeed.
Don Vizioso's place?
It makes perfect sense
that a psychotic creep
like Vizioso would want it.
[distant snorting]
I'm here, Rock.
What the dilly-o?
[electronic beeping]
I see the heart, yo.
Dang!
I bet that fool is nasty enough
to try to eat it.
Blech!
Retrieve the heart at all costs!
Do not disappoint... us.
No worries.
Be like taking candy
from a big ugly baby.
[electronic beeps]
[snorts]
And should this
candy thieving fail,
I am the plan B.
[laughs]
That sounded cool, da?
This is the last step
to resurrecting Shredder.
Let's go.
Not so fast.
We're Ninjas.
There has to be
a stealthier way.
There's no time, Leo,
and I wanna give Don Vizioso
a little payback
from when he tried
to slice and dice me.
Donnie!
[growls]
[munching]
[slurps]
[soft dramatic music]
♪♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[power fails]
♪♪
Oh, snap.
Get him!
[grunts]
Hoo!
Yo, let's do this, Plan B.
[grunts]
Rocksteady to the rescue!
[both grunt]
Let us party time
like it 1995.
[both grunt]
[all grunting]
♪♪
[grunts]
More muties?
Waste 'em!
[grunts]
The heart.
[both grunt]
Forget it, freak.
You get rocked by Rocksteady.
[both grunt]
Payback time, Vizioso.
♪♪
Wha...
Hey, yo!
[grunts]
Hey, yo, Boss, you want us
to take out the trash?
[gasps]
[grunting] Donnie, look out!
[crashing]
[weakly] Hey, yo...
Huh?
[grunts]
♪♪
Yes! Ow!
I got it!
Ooh.
[rockets whirring]
Wha...
Choke on this, you freaks!
[grunts, coughing]
♪♪
[high-pitched laughter]
No!
Sewer pickles!
[rapid fire]
Come on, Donnie.
[coughs]
Let's go!
I can...
[coughs]
Open this!
Let us make with the running!
[coughing]
We're Outie 5000, punks!
[dramatic music]
[coughing]
[panting]
[growls]
[indistinct chatter]
[roaring]
Those incompetent mutant men
of yours
are responsible
for losing the heart!
I cannot resurrect Shredder
without it.
There is no other way!
You seem particularly invested
in resurrecting my master.
[tense music]
♪♪
Don't worry, baby,
we already found 'em.
Is just as we thinks,
Vizioso hides in filthy
Hignight Hotel like rat.
Looks like that fool's
gonna skip town, Cat-man.
Better make a move fast!
[wings flapping]
You must capture the heart!
Allow his escape
and I will tear the entire city
to pieces!
[guttural grunting]
And you as well.
Stop this!
You will do as I say,
demon.
♪♪
Now, we will all prepare
for the siege.
[sighs]
Oh, man,
we almost had the heart!
Stupid gangsters!
Why is our luck getting worse?
At least Tiger Claw and
Hot Head don't have it yet.
Accent on the "yet" part.
No!
We'll get it,
and when we do, that thug
Vizioso is going down!
I'm impressed.
I kinda like you
ticked off, Donnie.
[sighs] Being ticked off
isn't gonna help anything.
It's your fault we blew it,
Donnie.
My fault?
[both growling]
Vizioso is a minor inconvenience
compared to Kavaxas.
How do we stop that monster?
Tiger Claw has this... Seal
that seams to control him.
It's some kind of ancient magic.
If we can get it
away from him...
Maybe we can control Hot Head!
Then he can make us pizza,
play video games with me,
even clean my room!
[Chompy yelps]
[grunts]
All right, first thing's first.
[tense music]
We know the Don
uses the Hignight Hotel
as his safe house.
We start there.
Infiltrate the hotel
and get the heart
before the Foot does.
♪♪
[grunts]
Boss is really freaked out
by all those muties.
[whirring]
Mutants everywhere...
Can't stand 'em anymore.
What's taking so long
with those fake passports?
I gotta get out of the country!
These things take time, Don.
Who knew that heart would be
such a prized possession, huh?
♪♪
Go figure...
I'll never give it up now.
I'll just lay low for all this
mutant nonsense to blow over.
If Tiger Claw shows up
with Kavaxas,
do whatever you can
to get that Seal.
And where will you be?
I'm going in alone,
full-stealth
to get the heart from the Don.
Are you kidding me, Leo?
The Solo-Leo act is getting
a little stale, bro.
Ninja stealth is
the only option.
Whelp, Donnie is in total
agreement with you, dude.
What?
He's going in solo, bro.
Full-Ninja-Stealth.
Whoa!
Angry Donnie making it happen.
Donatello, what are you doing?
I'm getting that heart
and putting an end
to Vizioso for good!
[metallic clang]
Whatever's between
you and the Don doesn't matter.
You're jeopardizing the mission.
Oh, come on.
Look at all the anti-mutant
weapons he's built.
We need to put a stop to this,
and we need to do it now.
Donnie out!
- Donnie!
- Uh, guys?
Stealth isn't gonna matter!
[dramatic music]
♪♪
Look alive. We got company.
[tires squeal]
[brakes screech]
Ah!
[gunfire]
Huh?
[panting]
Ahh!
[rapid gunfire]
Ah.
[panting]
Ah!
[grunts]
I'll back up Donnie.
Whatever you do, get that Seal!
[all grunt]
♪♪
[roars]
[missiles whistling]
[glass shattering]
[heavy clanging]
Hey, yo,
I'm gonna kick this Dragon Man's
tail in, yo!
Do you think such worldly
weapons can hurt Kavaxas?
[explosions]
[grunting]
Ahh!
[electricity crackling]
Ah!
Wahh!
[straining]
Ah!
Wahh!
[both grunting]
[car alarm sounding]
[whirring]
Outta the way, Turt!
[grunting]
[intense choral music]
[choking]
♪♪
Hey, yo!
These mortals
are not worth my time.
[both grunting]
The Seal!
[grunting]
[whooshing]
[hissing]
[screeches]
[grunts]
Cowabunga!
[train horn sounds]
[whirring]
Yee-hee!
Come on!
We crush you like
little green grape!
[grunts]
Dang. Rock is gonna be
so mad at me.
♪♪
[grunts]
[blows land]
♪♪
[train horn sounds]
Do you think you can keep
the Seal from me?
Well, duh!
Ugh!
[bang]
Oh!
[grunting]
Dah!
Where is the Seal?
Give it to me.
Now!
[groans]
[growls]
What?
Ooh, the ol' switcheroo, brah!
Sorry, T.C.
Personal pocket pizza for ya?
Where is the Seal?
Now that we got it,
how do we make this thing work?
[grunting]
The Seal!
Liberation!
April!
[grunts]
♪♪
What's going on out there?
Um, a bunch of mutants
and girls fighting.
Some kind of...
dragon
flying around breathin' fire.
It don't look good, Boss.
Oh.
Oh, this could be it...
mutant apocalypse.
Oh, man.
Someone bring me a calzone
and some antacid!
Hurry!
[both grunt]
[straining]
Remember, Donnie,
keep it together.
We're after the heart,
not revenge.
[grunts]
In the spirit of multitasking,
I'd like to think
we have time for both.
[grunts]
[both grunting]
[straining]
Your ride ends here, turtle.
[groans] Maybe you're right.
[dramatic music]
[grunting]
Little fool.
[whirring]
Huh?
Arrogant child!
[both grunt]
- [gasps]
- I got it!
[metal creaks]
[grunts]
[both grunt]
Now would be a good time
to make that thing work.
[straining]
Come on, come on.
I command you!
- [grunting]
- [laughing]
You have more power
than these mutants...
[grunts]
But you don't have
the knowledge, child.
[laughs]
Brain with unique power.
I will not merely destroy you...
[whoosh]
I'll swallow your soul!
♪♪
Swallow this!
[gags]
[both grunt]
♪♪
[all grunt]
Give...
me...
- [grunts]
- The...
Seal!
[grunts]
[straining]
No!
[grunts]
♪♪
[gasps]
[straining]
[grunting]
Enough of these games!
Retrieve the heart at once,
Kavaxas.
♪♪
Now!
[whooshing]
No!
Ah.
That's not good.
[device chiming]
Raph, Mikey sent a text.
He's hurt pretty bad.
[grunting]
This is the end for you,
Vizioso.
[grunting] Donnie,
don't lose sight of who you are!
Ah!
This is the end!
[shudders]
Because...
we're taking the heart
and you're going to jail!
[grunts]
[chuckles]
Nice job, D.
[explosion]
[both groaning]
♪♪
And what of the Turtles?
[explosion]
[grunting]
[clattering]
So much anger,
power, strength!
You will give the heart to me,
Kavaxas.
♪♪
[growls]
We have what we came for.
Let us go.
♪♪
The heart!
[groans]
[sirens wailing]
At least Vizioso and his goons
are finished.
[pants] Guys!
[all gasp]
Mikey!
[moans]
Are you okay?
I made it out by the skin
of my shell, dudes.
We gotta get you back
to the lair, pronto.
You'll be okay, Mikey.
What do we do?
Can they really
bring back Shredder?
We don't stop fighting, Karai.
We take them all down.
Tiger Claw, Kavaxas...
all of them.
[intense choral music]
♪♪
Kovatala...
Zavanasa...
Vakasala!
♪♪
Let the Shredder rise once more!
[creaking]
[chains rattling]
♪♪
[rousing hip-hop music]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org